I'm working on a mod for Rome Total War Remastered, and as a part of that mod I'm trying to add more character names.
I'll need your help creating surnames for characters out of certain tribe names, to add a layer of immersion to the game.
I've researched lists of tribes (celtic, germanic, iberian, arabian, berber, dacian, thracian, scythian, etc) and written them down.
Most of the names are currently in their plural form, which isn't what I want. What I need help with is "surnamifying" these tribes, as in add a suffix or alternate the names somehow.
In a way that transforms it into an indicative surname that sounds natural and makes sense phonetically, linguistically, and historically.
The suffixes must denote origin, belonging, descendance, lineage, or affiliation, and not be in the plural form, nor refer to a place, but from a tribe/people.
For consistency, and since the setting is ancient times, I want you to use the Latin suffixes (-us, -ius, -icus, -aeus, -anus, etc).

Wait for me to give you the lists of names and their associated culture, and I expect you to give me back the names changed as I requested.

I want you to use these suffixes for each culture:
Arabian suffixes: -an, -iyyah
Baltic: -us, -ius, -icus, -aeus, -anus,
Nubian/Ethiopian: -us, -ius, -icus, -aeus, -anus,
Celtic suffixes: -ach, -ica, -in, -ios
Dacian/Thracian: -us, -ius, -icus, -aeus, -anus,
Germanic suffixes: -a, -az, -er, -ing
Iberian suffixes: -ar, -in, -ka, -on
Illyrian: -us, -ius, -icus, -aeus, -anus,
Lusitanian: -ano, -ena, -isca
Numidian/Berber suffixes: -en, -i, -in, -t
Nuragic: -us, -ius, -icus, -aeus, -anus,
Scythian/Nomadic: -us, -ius, -icus, -aeus, -anus


The game takes place in antiquity, so I would prefer you to use more archaic naming conventions / suffixes.
I want the naming convention to use suffixes associated with that specific culture (e.g. proto germanic for german tribes).
However, if that's not possible, a romanized version will work (e.g. -us, -ius, -icus, -aeus, -anus, etc).